1.  Wide and Local Area Network Simulation with CPT / Client-Server data transmission demonstration
2.  disk recovery software with C and Python
3.  automated remote access script runner with pi - pico and it's enumeration
4.  program a volatile memory recovering software with C and Python
5.  Crime Scene Digital Evidence Collection-recovery-analysis-preservation and documentation with Chain-of-custody
6.  custom script malware/spyware analysis
7.  Caesar Cipher analysis and making custom cryptography script using C and Python
8.  Server brute-forcing and SQL injection - attack and analysis
9.  Use C and Python to enumerate via social platforms and OS-INT script
10. windows auto-analysis script with C and C++ / C#
11. Ransomware and Spyware reverse engineering and dissection
12. Implementing programming knowledge to create and access into target system for forensic analysis
13. Create a GUI Report generation module / software
14. Conduct and analyze forensic Imaging of a HDD/SS-D/PD/SD-CARD and report to the Lecturer
15. Fake phishing pages of popular websites and counter-measures taken by the organization - security analysis
16. Scripting language virus and trojen creation ( bash - batch - python)
17. Anti-virus and anti-trojen tactics and defending while incident response
18. Steganography and Steg-analysis with PNG - JPEG - TXT image files
19. Cryptographic key design and data transmission using C and Python
20. Making an End-to-End encryption with symmetric and asymmetric encryption key
21. Making a bootable usb-stick for live forensic enumeration with open source OSes or CAINE OS. And conduct a live disk imaging process of a hard-disk.
22. Study virtualization technology and demonstrate a forensic use of it.
23. Creating a custom OS with open source forensic tools.
24. FSL – Forensic Science Laboratory heirarchy and officer positions study.
25. Creating cyber forensic lab terms and policies and standards.
26. Studying Linux CLI and usages for forensics operations.
27. Programming forensic recovery and analysis softwares.
28. programming forensic report making software.
29. programming GUI crypt and steg-analytic softwares.
30. embedded systems server data logging Spywares and counter measures for them.
31. web apps data collection for forensic analysis.
32. Crime scene sketch and search data storage database with GUI programming in C and Python.
33. Antispyware monitoring system programming(counter software for Spyware activating camera)
34. Usb write blocker mechanism study and making one with C or Python.
35. All files and folders meta-data analysis.
36. Cyber crime scene response & analysis and reporting.
37. Creating a chat-bot that resembles an actual human chat.
38. Creating a botnet trojen (eg: MIRAI botnet) or spyware or virus and deploying it and reversing it for anti-trojen attacks
39. Decode/Reverse-engineer an apk file and analyze it’s source code
40. Virtualising Mac OS in virtual-box to understand virtualization techniques and features and study different OSes architecture and forensic uses and features.
41. Study Metasploit framework and demonstrate a forensic use in android analysis.
42. Peer to peer facial recognition algorithm using Open CV in C or python.
43. Create a bootable floppy disk with ardino IDE and boot it into your PC and Record the procedure in document format.
